task-NXDOC-2202-nev-deployment (#1573)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/nxdoc/nuxeo-add-ons/nuxeo-enhanced-viewer.md

nuxeo.arender.oauth2.client.redirectURI=/login/oauth2/code/nuxeo
```

{{#> callout type='warning' heading='10.3 deployment'}}

> In order to make the integration work on modern browser, Nuxeo and NEV 10.3.x should be deployed under siblings domains, for instance `nuxeo.domain.org` and `nev.domain.org`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make the integration work on modern browsers, Nuxeo and NEV 10.3.x should be deployed under sibling domains, for instance `nuxeo.domain.org` and `nev.domain.org`.
```
